Update readme (#74)
opensafely-actions/cohort-report: README.md

## Summary

The reusable action `cohort-report` generates a report including (*i*) summary statistics and (*ii*) a chart for each variable in a specified input file.

> The example output below shows an example report for three different variables (`sex`, `bmi`, and `has_copd`).

Reviewer: The variables are important; let's not hide them inside parentheses 🙂 

```suggestion
The example output below shows an example report for three different variables: `sex`, `bmi`, and `has_copd`.
```

(👍🏻 for your use of the Oxford comma!)

![Example output from Cohort Report](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/477263/140117942-fbfde3fc-2ffc-41f9-b2d2-4128629cbb58.png)

## Usage

The `generate_report` action generates a report that contains a table and a chart for each variable in the input file.
The table contains unsafe statistics and should be checked thoroughly before it is released.
The chart contains statistics that have been made safe.

> Cells in the underlying frequency tables are redacted automatically, if they 
> (*i*) contain less than 10 units or
> (*ii*) contain greater than 90% of the total number of units.

Reviewer: I'd mark up this list:

```suggestion
Cells in the underlying frequency tables are redacted automatically, if they:

1. contain less than 10 units; or
2. contain greater than 90% of the total number of units.
```

> Consider the following extract from a study's `project.yaml`:

Author: ohh thx, will check out! (I like consistency)

    config:
      variable_types:
          age: int
          bmi: float
          has_copd: binary
      output_path: output/cohort_reports_outputs
    outputs:
      moderately_sensitive:
        reports: output/cohort_reports_outputs/descriptives_input.html
        reports_charts: output/cohort_reports_outputs/*.png
```
 
 ---

>  The following list describes each "property" of the `cohort-report` action:

Author: thanks, that makes sense! I'll have a think

- **`run`**: Passes an input file to a named version of cohort-report.
In this case, it passes *output/input.csv* to v3.0.0 of cohort-report.
- **`needs`**: Specifies a list of actions (contained within square brackets and separated by commas) that are required for it to successfully run.
- **`config`**: Passes configuration options to `cohort-report`
  - **`variable_types`**: Is required for `.csv` and `.csv.gz` input files to cast the given variables to the given types.
    Supported types are: `binary`, `categorical`, `date`, `float`, and `int`.
  - **`output_path`**: Specify path for all outputs from this action (defaults to `cohort_reports_outputs`).
    If the given path does not exist, then it is created.
- **`outputs`**: Passes ouput specifications to `cohort-report`
  - **`reports`**: The report is saved to the `output_path`. 
    Notice that the report is called `descriptives_[the name of the input file, without the extension].html`. 
  - **`reports_charts`**: All charts need to be specified here. 

>     The easiest way to add all charts is to use a wildcard ('`*`') in the path: `output/cohort_reports_outputs/*.png`.

Author: good point, I wondered about about over-documenting because I was copy&pasting from the OpenSAFELY documentation ... will have a go at this one too
